1: him striking Too Short at Greeks his antique sword rebellious to his arm lies where it falls repugnant to command unequal matched pyrrhus at Priam drives in Rage strikes wide but with the whiff and wind of his fell sword the unnerved father Falls for Lo his sword which was declining on the Milky head of Reverend Priam seemed the are too
1:  a stick
1:  so as a painted Tyrant pyrrhus stood and like a fortune to his will and matter did nothing I did nothing but after Paris pause arouse it Vengeance sets him new a-work and never did the Cyclops hammers fall on Mars is armor forged for proof returned with less remorse than pyrrhus bleeding sword now falls on prior
1:  out out out strumpet Fortune all you gods in general Synod take away her power break all the spokes and fellies from a wheeled Bowl the round knave down the hill of Heaven let's decrease to the things this is too long it shall to The Barbers with your beard prithee say on he's for a jig
2:  or a tale of bawdry or he sleeps say on come to hecuba
1:  but who who had seen the mobled queen moblin queen that's good Mobley Queen is good
1:  run Barefoot up and down threatening the Flames with blinding tears
1:  a rag upon that head where late the diadem stood and for robe about a Lankin all or team at loins of blankets in the alarm of fear caught up
1:  who this had seen with tongue in venom steep against fortunes state would treason have pronounced for if the gods themselves did see her then when she saw pyrrhus make malicious Sport mincing with his sword her husband's limbs
1:  the instant burst of clamour that she made unless things mortal move them not at all
1:  would have made moist
1:  the burning eyes of heaven and passion in the gods look where he has not turned his color and has tears in his eyes I pray you no more tis well I'll have these speak out the rest of this soon
2:  good my Lord will you see the players well bestowed
2:  do you hear
2:  let them be well used for they are the abstract and brief Chronicles of a time after your death you were better have a bad Epitaph than their I'll report while you live milord I will use them after their desert man much better use every man after his desert and who shall scape whipping